10/22/2015
Today I had the opportunity to watch all of the graduating g(10) cohort present their capstone projects on hiring day. I got an opportunity to see into my future a bit and know a little about what I was working toward. After the presentations we broke for lunch and enjoyed some delicious food. After lunch we learned CSS fundamentals and I saw live coding for the first time. That was exciting. It was great to see live coding because it added an element to the learning style. While Roberto was teaching the subject matter if there was a question on what he meant or how to do what he was saying to do we could say “show me how” and he could demonstrate how to do it and what it looks like when its done. To test our CSS we attempted to create a webpage that looked like a mock up.
struggle_of_the_day : Something I struggled with today was positioning of elements in CSS. I have always struggled with this. 
solution_of_the_day : The solution that really put into perspective was Roberto taught me to think of the elements as columns and rows. This made organizing the elements in my head easier and allowed me to navigate between elements much better.


10/23/2015
Today we had a guest speaker named Drew Dalman that works for a small company that makes some really cool things. This guy was brilliant! He makes awesome things during his time at work and in his off time manages to create this super awesome applications that he considers just side projects. All of which are quality enough ideas to be main projects. I would love to be a point in my career where I could maintain a position as a senior developer and still have time to create such awesome projects that give back to the community and are so impactful. We also saw a demonstration of lightning talks and learned a lot of relatively useless information. It was informative though because it allowed the opportunity to see first hand the environment structure that we will one day be a part of. We also had a breakout group lead by Alex and Eric that was on the relationship between UX (the overall User eXperience) and the UI (the user interface). The basics would suggest that UI is more the look and the UX is more the feel. There appaears to be a major overlap in many different aspects of that relationship and producing an absolute definition of one or the other is quite difficult.

10/26/2015
Todey, Monday, yuck… but not bad. We learned more intermediate html and learned fundamental javascript. We learned html semantics as well. I realized that to think semantically I had to separate the css from html from javascript. To think semantically I had to realize that even though and h1 is bigger and border than a h2, it doesn’t matter. That is just the browsers rendering of the h1 or the h2 tag. Semantic mark up is about communicating what the content of your webpage is using tags. For instance it is a best practice to make your navigation bar wrapped in nav tags and then feed it a list. Likewise it is considered appropriate to wrap elements that are solitarily self containable in an article element. Or if you have relevant but not pertinate information like a “in other news” or “did you also know” or “related info” sections to be wrapped in aside tags. Random no 

11-24-2015
Alright so fun fact: I was BUSY!
Second fun fact: I forgot where I put this txt doc in my computer. 
I had intended to use this txt doc to track my progression in the full stack program at galvanize.. but this is one of those "we make plans and God laughs" kind of things. Good update, things have been going well. I have been spending on average about 74 hours on campus per week. Not all of that time has been spent in class or working or learning code. In fact only a small majority of that time has been spent doing that stuff. A lot of time has been spent focusing on work life balance. I would bet that I have been far more productive now than I have ever been because I have been so focused on that balance. I make sure to take as many breaks as possible while still being as productive as possible. These breaks include ping pon (lots of ping pong) and going for a walk into downtown, walking along the platte or even just walking around the back patio. I have commit to 10 min a day of seeing the sun and have been doing well in meeting that goal. It may sound silly, but before you know it you go two weeks go by and you haven't seen the sun. I mainly wanted to make an entry in this blog to share my metaphor. I attended the Denverscript meetup for the second time tonight. The first time I went to Denverscript I felt like my association to programming was like someone asked if I would like to go swimming. "Of course I would like to go swimming!" I would reply, I mean who wouldn't? The freedom to manuever in any way you desire and to do so effortlessly. To not be bogged down by the hindersome rules of everyday life? Who could say know?? So I dive in. I think this person inviting me to swim means in a pool or pond or small body of water so I fearlessly immerse myself. This is where Denverscript comes into play. The first time I was at Denverscript it was like I realized for the first time that I was actually invited to swim in the Atlanic ocean and I had been dropped off in the water in the middle of nowhere. I picture it being stormy and turbulant. I wouldn't know though because the majority of this fictional experience is spent underwater struggling to reach the surface. Desperately searching for air I would reach the occasional repreave with a "..and then we can use the virtual dom to ..." 'oh! I know what that one is!" and then submerge underwater again and resume the struggle to stay afloat. The second time I was at Denverscript a month of gSchool had gone by and things were a little different. I felt like I was still abandoned in the middle of the ocean but I had tought myself to be bouyant. I could confidently remain above water and translate the majority of the information into a language I was more familiar with. With this new found bouyancy came a different realization. I realized that even though I may be able to remain afloat, I still can't see the horizon except rarely and periodically. As if I was on a raft and massive wave would lift me up to the peak and I could catch a glimps of the horizon "..you can then use these iterators to create specific sets of..." 'wow! what a cool thing, programming is truely limitless!' and then back to the valley of the waves I would go.. Able to see nothing but the walls of water around me and the equally infinite blue of the sky above.  
